Add GPU as a Service section (#63)
redhat-ai-services/ai-accelerator-bootcamp-instructions: content/modules/ROOT/pages/90_environment_provisioning.adoc

4. Monitoring: Enable GPU monitoring by creating and applying a specific `ConfigMap` to the openshift-monitoring namespace. This will add a https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/openshift/latest/enable-gpu-monitoring-dashboard.html#configuring-the-nvidia-dcgm-exporter-dashboard[NVIDIA DCGM Exporter Dashboard] to the OpenShift console.

5. https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/openshift/enable-gpu-op-dashboard.html#enable-the-gpu-operator-dashboard[Enable the NVIDIA GPU Operator usage information,window=_blank]: Follow additional instructions to configure a console plugin for GPU usage information.

[WARNING]
.Expected issue and resolution
====
If you encounter an issue where the OpenShift AI Operator not being installed see <<workaround>> section for a workaround.
====

== Install the AWS Enviroment
Follow the instructions in the xref:05_environment_provisioning.adoc[RHOAI Foundation Bootcamp: Provisioning a GPU Environment] to set up your AWS environment.

== Clone the RHOAI GitHub Repository
Clone the RHOAI GitHub repository to your local machine: 

[.console-input]
[source,bash]
----

> git clone https://github.com/shebistar/ai-accelerator.git # TODO: Change to official repo when available

Reviewer: let's clone with following command, so we don't need to emphasize the temporary workaround in a separate step ;) 
`git clone git@github.com:shebistar/ai-accelerator.git --single-branch --branch feature/gpu-as-a-service ai-accelerator-gpu`
p.s. explicit folder `ai-accelerator-gpu` cause participants most probably already cloned original `ai-accelerator`

> git clone https://github.com/shebistar/ai-accelerator.git # TODO: Change to official repo when available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone git@github.com:shebistar/ai-accelerator.git --single-branch --branch feature/gpu-as-a-service ai-accelerator-gpu   # TODO: Change to official repo when available
```
